# YOLO9000

## 1. Introduction
  * General purpose object detection shoudld be fast, accurate, and agble to recognize a wide variety of objects.
  * Current object detection datasets are limited compared to datasets for other tasks like classification and tagging.
  * use a hieraichical view of obejct classification that allows us to combine distinct datasets together
  * propose a joint training algorithm that allows us to train object detectors on both detection and classification data.
## 2. Better
  * __Batch Normalization__: with batch normalization we can remove dropout from the model without overfitting.
  * __High Resolution Classifier__: original YOLO pretrained on 224 * 224 and increases the resolution to 448 * 448 for detection; YOLOv2 first fine tune the classification network at the full 448 * 448 resolution for 10 epochs on ImageNet. which gives the network time to adjust its filters to work better on higher resolution input.
  * __Convolutional With Anchor Boxes__:  remove the fully connected layers from YOLO and use anchor boxes to predict boundinng boxes. First, eliminate one pooling layer to make the output of the network's conv layers higher resolution, and also shrink the network to operate on 416 input images, so that an odd number of locations in our feature map so there is an single center cell. downsampled the image by a factor of 32 so by using an input image of 416 we get an output feature map of 13 * 13.
  * __Dimension Clusters__: Encounter two issues with anchor boxes when using them with YOLO</br>
    1. box dimensions are hand picked: instead of choosing priors by hand, we run K-means clustering on the training set bounding boxes to findgood priors.
  * __Direct locatoin prediction__:
    2. model instability, especially during early iterations, which comes from prediction the (x, y) locations for the box. The network predicts 5 coordinates for each boundingbox, tx, ty, tw, th and to.
  * __Fine-Grained Features__: a passthrough layer concatenates the higher resolution features with the low resolution features by stacking adjacent features into different channels in stead of spatial locations.
  * __Multi-Scale Training__: Every 10 batches our network randomly chooses a new image dimension size.

## 3. Faster
  * most detection frameworks rely on VGG-16 as the base feature extractor, but VGG-16 is a powerful accurate classification network but it  is needlessly complex.
  * YOLO framework uses a custom network based on the Googlenet architecture. Darknet-19, a new classification model t o be used as the base of YOLOv2.

## 4. Stronger
  * Pr9opose ad mechanism for jointly training on classification and detection data. During training we mix images from both detection and classification datasets. When the network see an image labelled for detection we can backpropagate baseon on the full YOLOv2 loss function. When it sees a classification image we only backpropagate loss from the classification-sepcific parts of the architecture. (SGD)
  * __Hierarchical classfication__: ImageNet labels are pulled from wordNet, a language database that sturctures concepts and how they relate. Wordnet is atructured as a directed graph, not a tree. they simplify the problem by building a hierarchical ree from the concepts in the ImageNet.
